>>> SECRETARY OF STATE KERRY
MEETS TO HELP RESOLVE THE CRISIS
IN UKRAINE
AND E-WASTE COMING FROM TH
WEST
AND MAJOR DRUG COMPANIES AGREE
TO STOP PRODUCING ANTIBIOTIC
THAT SPUR FARM ANIMAL GROWTH
FROM THE STUDIOS AT LINCOL
CENTER HARI SREENIVASAN.
>>> KERRY REPORTEDLY PRESENTED
LAVROV WITH A PLAN FOR DISARMING
IRREGULAR FORCES PLACES MONITORS
IN THE REGION AND INITIATING
DIPLOMATIC TALKS
TENS OF THOUSANDS OF TROOPS HAVE
BEEN DEPLOYED ALONG THE BORDER
OF UKRAINE
DURING A CALL WITH PRESIDENT
OBAMA ON FRIDAY, VLADIMIR PUTI
ASSERTED THAT UKRAINIA
EXTREMISTS ARE INTIMIDATIN
RUSSIANS IN THE UKRAINE.
TRAVELING IN THE REGION TODAY,
VICTORIA NULAND EXPRESSE
CONCERN ABOUT THE MILITARY BUILD
UP
>> WE ARE CONCERNED THAT THE
HAVE SPOKEN ABOUT THIS, ABOU
THE LARGE NUMBER OF RUSSIA
FORCES BRINGING THE UKRAINIA
BORDERS AS WELL.
WE'RE ALL CONCERNED ABOUT THAT
BUT IT IS BECAUSE OF THI
CONCERN THAT WE HAVE MAINTAINE
A CASE OF DIPLOMACY.
>> SHE ALSO MET WITH OFFICIALS
TODAY TO OFFER THE UNITED STATES
FULL SUPPORT IN MAINTAINING THAT
COUNTRY'S SOVEREIGNTY.
THEY SAY THAT THEY'RE PLAYIN
FURTHER EXPANSION.
MAINLY RUSSIAN SPEAKING REGION
WHERE RUSSIAN TROOPS ARE ALREADY
STATIONED.
>> CERTAINLY I EXPECT TH
TENSIONS HERE WILL COME UP I
THIS CONVERSATION AND THE UNITED
STATES WILL, AS IT ALWAYS DOES
MAKE CLEAR OUR STRONG SUPPOR
FOR THE SOVEREIGNTY AN
TERRITORIAL INTEGRITY FO
SETTLING THESE ISSUES BY
DIPLOMATIC MEANS
>> IN UKRAINE, THOUSANDS O
PROTESTORS CARRIED FLAGS I
ODESSA TO TELL MOSCOW THEY DON'T
WANT TO THE BE ANNEXED LIK
CRIMEA
THEY ALSO MET TO REMEMBE
PROTESTORS KILLED IN
DEMONSTRATIONS
>>> FOR THE FIRST TIME A UNITE
NATION'S PANEL IS WARNING THAT
CLIMATE CHANGE WILL LEAD T
GREATER CONFLICT AROUND TH
WORLD.
AN INTERNATIONAL PANEL O
SCIENTISTS SAY IT'S WILL TRIGGER
CONFLICTS OVER WATER AND ENERG
AND CONTRIBUTE TO THE REFUGE
PROBLEM AROUND THE WORLD
EARLIER THIS MONTH THE U.S
DEFENSE DEPARTMENT CALLED IT A
THREAT MULTIPLIER.
THERE WAS LOCAL ELECTION
THROUGHOUT FRANCE TODAY, AND THE
SOCIALIST PARTIES SUFFERED
SIGNIFICANT LOSSES
THE CONSERVATIVE OPPOSITIO
APPARENTLY MADE MAJOR GAINS.
>>> AND A TRADE PACK WIT
NEIGHBORING CHINA.
THEY SAY IT WILL GIVE CHINA TO
MUCH INFLUENCE IN TAIWANES
AFFAIRS.
>>> CHOOI THESE AUTHORITIE
REPORTEDLY SEIZED MORE THAN $1
BILLION IN ASSETS FROM THE
FAMILY AND ASSOCIATES OF THE
FORMER DOMESTIC SECURITY CHIEF
THE MAN AT THE CENTER OF THE
SCANDAL HAS BEEN UNDER WHAT'
DESCRIBED AS VIRTUAL HOUSE
ARREST FOR SEVERAL MONTHS.
THE DECISION TO TAKE ACTIO
AGAINST THE FORMER CHIEF IS SEEN
AS A SIGN THAT CHINA I
INTENSIFYING IT'S EFFORTS TO
COMBAT CORRUPTION.
IN WASHINGTON STATE, THE
CONTINUE THEIR SEARCH FOR TH
VICTIM'S OF LAST WEEK'S MU
SLIDE NORTHEAST OF SEATTLE
OFFICIALS HAVE SHARPLY LOWER
THE NUMBER THOUGHT TO BE MISSING
FROM 90 TO 30.
>>> A NUMBER OF GENERAL MOTORS
VEHICLES HAVE BEEN ADDED TO TH
RECALL LIST INCLUDING SOME O
THE BEST SELLING SUVs AN
TRUCKS
THEY HAVE NOW RECALLED NEARL
FIVE MILLION IN THE LAST FEW
MONTHS
THE CEO IS SCHEDULED TO TESTIF
BEFORE CONGRESS ABOUT THE RECALL
THIS WEEK.
>>> MORE THAN 100 AFTERSHOCKS IN
CALIFORNIA AFTER FRIDAY NIGHT'
EARTHQUAKE
THE QUAKE AND THE AFTER SHOCKS
IN AN AREA NEAR LOS ANGELES DI
MINOR DAMAGE TO HOMES AN
STORES
>>> TOMORROW IS THE LAST DAY T
SIGN UP FOR OBAMA CARE WITHOUT
INCURING PENALTIES
THOSE IN THE MIDST OF APPLYING
BUT WHOSE APPLICATIONS HAVE NO
BEEN APPROVED WILL NOT B
PENALIZED AS LONG AS THE
COMPLETE IT BY MID APRIL
>>> THE WASHINGTON POST IS
LAUNCHING A SPECIAL SERIES I
TODAY CALL ADD LEGACY OF PAI
AND PRIDE.
IT IS A LOOK THROUGH STORIES AND
POLLS IN CONJUNCTION WITH TH
KAIZER FAMILY.
GREG, LET ME THROW UP A COUPLE
NUMBERS HAVE HAVE YOU EXPLAI
THEM
WHEN SOLDIERS ARE ASKED IF YOU
DID ANYTHING IN THE WARS THA
MADE YOU FEEL PROUDER, 87% SAY
YES.
BUT WHEN YOU ASK THEM IF THE
COST VERSUS THE BENEFIT WA
WORTH IT, LESS THAN HALF THINK
IT WAS WORTH FIGHTING.
HOW DOES THIS MAKE SENSE
TOGETHER
>> I THINK IT GOES TO TH
TREMENDOUS PRIDE THAT SOLDIERS
MARINES, THE PEOPLE THAT SERVE
AS BEING PART OF THIS 1% THA
SERVE.
THEY'RE PART OF AN ELITE GROUP
THAT VOLUNTEERED
THAT'S ONE EXPLANATION
EVEN IF THE MISSION ENDED UP NOT
BEING WORTH IT IN THEIR MINDS,
AND IN MANY CASES IT DIDN'T,
THEY STILL FEEL PRIDE.
THERE IS SENTIMENT THAT HEY, W
DID OUR JOBS, BUT OTHERS FAILE
THEIR JOBS WHETHER IT IS THE
IRAQ/AFGHAN GOVERNMENT
THERE HAS BEEN A GREAT DEAL OF
FOCUS AN AN INCREASED AMOUNT O
ATTENTION SPENT ON
POST-TRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER
I HAVE TWO QUESTIONS I WANT YO
TO ANSWER, TELL ME HOW MANY OF
THE FOLLOWING YOU HAVE
EXPERIENCED FOLLOWING YOUR
SERVICE.
OUTBURSTS OF ANGER AND
RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS WITH YOU
SPOUSE OR PARTER IN.
45% SAID YES THEY DO
THESE CAN BE SIGNS OF PTSD, HO
DO THEY SQUARE UP WITH THE
NUMBERS OF THE VETERAN'S
ADMINISTRATION
>> THEY'RE MUCH HIGHER THAN WHAT
THEY FOUND IN THEIR SURVEYED
OF COURSE THESE, YOU CAN HAV
OUTBURSTS OF ANGER AND
RELATIONSHIP PROBLEMS AND NO
HAVE PTSD, BUT IT GOES TO SHOW
THAT SOME OF THE MENTAL LEGACY
IS MORE THAN PTSD.
YOU HAVE SYMPTOMS, TRYING TO
OVERCOME THINGS FROM COMBA
MENTALLY AND EMOTIONALLY, AN
MAY NOT HAVE, YOU KNOW
DIAGNOSISABLE PTSD
>> AND YOU SPEND A LONG TIME
DIAGNOSING THE EFFECTS OF THEM
COMING HOME.
WHAT DID YOU FIND?
>> THEY'RE NOT DOING SO BAD.
THE UNEMPLOYMENT IS NOT MUCH
HIGHER
THEY LOOK LIKE MOST AMERICAN
FOR DEBT AND THE SAME FINANCIA
STRUGGLES.
>> DO THEY FEEL LIKE THEY SHOULD
BE GIVEN A SPECIAL CHANCE IF
THEY'RE UP FOR A JOB
>> YEAH, THEY DO FELL A SENSE OF
ENTITLEMENT, I THINK IS ONE WORD
FOR IT
WHICH IS SOUNDER INTUITIVE T
SOME OF THE NOTIONS OF SERVICE
WE HAVE.
MORE THAN 60% FEEL LIKE THEY
SHOULD BE GIVEN SPECIA
CONSIDERATION WHEN APPLYING FO
JOBS
ON THE WHOLE, 80% FEEL LIKE THEY
SHOULD BE GIVEN SPECIA
CONSIDERATION.
SO I THINK THEY FEEL A GREATER
SENSE OF DEBT TO THEM.
>> TWO QUESTIONS I WANT TO SHO
THE AUDIENCE
WHEN YOU ASK FOR EACH, TELL ME
HOW OFTEN IF AT ALL YOU HAVE
EXPERIENCED THE FOLLOWING WITH
FEELING DISCONNECTED FRO
CIVILIAN LIFE.
55% SAY OFTEN OR SOMETIMES SPP
AND FEELING THE AVERAGE AMERICAN
DIDN'T UNDERSTAND YOUR
EXPERIENCE, THAT NUMBER WA
REALLY SHOCKING, 69% SAY OFTEN
OR SOMETIMES
WHAT ARE THE SOLDIERS TELLIN
YOU?
>> I THINK A LOT OF THIS I
COMBAT, WHICH I THINK IS
FUNDAMENTALLY DISLOCATING AN
SOME OF IT IS THE WAY WE FOUGH
THESE WARS
THIS IS THE LONGEST STRETCH IN
AMERICAN HISTORY, AND IT'S
REALLY THE LONGEST WITH AN ALL
VOLUNTEER FORCE.
THAT IS A DIFFERENT WAY OF GOING
TO WAR THAN WE HAVE DONE IN TH
PAST
THESE GUYS ARE COMING HOME AND
NOT TO LARGE NUMBERS OF PEOPLE
IN THEIR NEIGHBORS AND
COMMUNITIES THAT SERVED WITH
THEM
THEY ARE GOING HOME TO PEOPL
THAT TUNED OUT THE WAR AND ARE
GOING ON WITH THEIR LIVES.
THAT REALLY ADDS TO THE NORMAL
DISLOCATION AND CONNECTION THA
ONE FEELS COMING HOME FROM
COMBAT
I THINK IT IS EVEN MORE ACUT
BECAUSE THEY'RE SUCH A SMALL
POPULATION
>> THANK YOU FOR BEING HERE.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME
>>> AND NOW TOLL OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT.
TONIGHT, WE RETURN TO AFRICA, TO
KENYA WHERE A PROBLEM IS BEING
PROFITED AND DEALT WITH TO DEA
WITH E-WASTE BEING DUMPED.
>>> A BUSY STRETCH OF ROAD
RUNNING RIGHT PAST A
UNREMARKABLE LOOKING BUILDING.
EXCEMENT THERE IS NO OTHER
BUILDING LIKE THIS IN EAST
AFRICA
THAT TRUCK IS HAULING E-WASTE,
TONS OF IT
COMING HERE FOR PROCESSING AT
PLANT BUILT ESPECIALLY TO DEAL
WITH E-WASTE
>> AMINA ABULLAH SEDES THE
SPECIAL ENVIRONMENT COMMITTEE.
>> WE WANT TO BE AHEAD OF TH
SITUATION BEFORE IT IS POISONING
OUR PEOPLE
>> USED ELECTRONICS ARE ONE OF
THE FASTEST GROWING SOURCES OF
WASTE GLOBALLY
IN AFRICA TWO COUNTRIES FEATUR
AS DUMPING HOT ZONES
NIGERIA AND GANA
KENYA IS ONE, AND IT IS URGENTLY
TRYING TO ENACT LEGISLATION TO
TARGET DISPOSAL OF USE
ELECTRONICS.
IT'S ESTIMATES THAT 15,000 TON
OF USED COMPUTERS AND MOBILE
PHONES ARE SHIPPED TO KENY
EVERY YEAR, FLOODING IN FROM THE
WEST, ESPECIALLY THE U.S.,
ADDING TO THE E-WASTE GENERATE
BY THE NEW ELECTRONIC GOODS THAT
KENIANS ARE ALREADY BUYING
THE FIRST ELECTRONICS RECYCLIN
HUB IS FUNDED BY KENIA
INVESTORS, THE GERMA
DEVELOPMENT BANK HP, AND A
PRIVATE BUSINESSMAN WITH A LOT
OF EXPERIENCE IN THE FIELD
SOME LAP STOPS CONTAIN A TUBE IN
THE BACK WHICH CONTAINS MERCUR
SO THAT NEEDS TO BE REMOVE
CAREFULLY.
>> THE IMPORTANCE OF THIS IS -
IT GOES FAR BEYOND KENYA
THIS IS ABOUT PROVING A CONCEPT,
AN ECONOMIC, SOCIAL, AND
ENVIRONMENTAL CONCEPT THAT WORKS
AND IT IS REALLY ENVISAGED THA
THIS MODEL CAN BE REP APPL
CASED IN SIMILAR COUNTRIES I
AFRICA
>> THE PLANT IS STAFFED ENTIRELY
BY KENIANS, MOST HAD NEVER HEARD
ABOUT E-WASTE BEFORE THE
AND THERE IS PLENTY TO KEEP THEM
BUSY
NO SHORTAGE OF PACKED CONTAINERS
ARRIVING
IT ALL HAS TO BE SEPARATED
BROKEN DOWN, PLASTICS FROM
INTERNAL COMPONENTS, WHICH ARE
THEN TOLD TO INTERNATIONAL BUYER
WHO IS DEAL WITH THIS KIND O
WASTE.
PROCESSING E-WASTE, HELPING TH
ENVIRONMENT, IS A BIG PART O
WHAT'S GOING ON HERE
THAT'S NOT THE ONLY THING.
THE IDEA IS TO GET PEOPLE TO
THINK ABOUT E-WASTE AS A
RESOURCE
WASTE HAS ALWAYS BEEN SEEN A
WASTE.
>> THE WORD WASTE IS FAS
DISAPPEARING AND IT'S BEIN
REPLACED WITH ANOTHER WORD
RESOURCE
>> IT BEGINS WITH TH
COLLECTORS, PRIVATE INDIVIDUAL
HUNTING FOR DISCARDED ELECTRONIC
PRODUCTS
IN MUKURU SLUM, A GROUP OF WOMEN
WORK ALT IT EVERY DAY.
IT'S NOT EASY, LONG HOURS,
SCORCHING SUN, AND LATELY THEY
ARE FINDING THAT THEY'RE NOT THE
ONLY ONES LOOKING FOR E-WASTE.
IT CAN TAKE DAYS TO GATHER ONE
LOAD
THEY CARRY IT TO MUKURU'
COLLECTION POINT WHERE IT IS
SORTED AND WEIGHED, BUT THEY GET
THE CASH RIGHT AWAY.
>> YOYC, NYAWIRA SAYS SHE MAKE
5,000 SHILLINGS A MONTH, NEARL
$60.
MORE THAN MOST IN THE SLUMS AN
ENOUGH TO SUPPORT HER THRE
CHILDREN
>> THIS CONTAINER IN MUKURU AN
THIS ONE IN MOMBASA AR
SPONSORED BY DELL.
DELL WORKED WITH THE GOVERNMEN
AND WROTE THE LEGISLATION AIME
AT ELECTRONIC WASTE.
>> THE REGULATION THAT WE'RE
PRODUCING DEALS WITH THE FAC
THAT IF YOU'RE BRINGING TO THE
COUNTRY, IF YOU'RE A PRODUCER OF
AN ELECTRONIC GADGET AND YOU
SELL IT TO KENYA, YOU WILL NEE
TO HAVE THE RESPONSIBILITY O
DEALING WITH IT ONCE IT BECOME
OBSOLETE
>> THIS IS HIGH RESOURCE
MATERIALS.
>> SO DELL, OR ANY OF THE BI
COMPUTER CORPORATIONS WILL B
RESPONSIBLE FOR DISPOSAL I
KENYA IF THEY HAVE AN OFFICE
HERE
IF THEY DON'T, THEY'LL HAVE TO
ENSUDISTRIBUTERS COMPL
WITH THE LAW
>> A LOT OF OLD ELECTRON
INCOMPETENT PRODUCTS AND NEW
ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS ACTUALLY I
IN AFRICA AND OTHER DEVELOPING
COUNTRIES.
>> ACROSS THE BORDER IN U BEGA
DA, THERE IS INTENSE INTEREST IN
WHAT'S HAPPENING IN KENY
BECAUSE A FEW YEARS BACK U BEGAN
DA ENACTING STRICT LAWS BANS THE
IMPORTATION OF USED AN
SECONDHAND PRODUCTS.
ESPECIALLY COMPUTERS
WHICH, IS NOT FAIR
>> KAMPALA LIKE NAIROBI IS
TURNING INTO A MAJOR TECH HU
HERE IN UGANDA
DEVELOPMENTS IN KENYA MAY LEAD
TO CHANGE.
THIS IS THE LARGEST WASTE DUMP
IN U BEGAN DA, IT SERVES THE
CAPITAL CITY IN KAMPALA, BUT
ONLY A FRACTION OF THE WASTE
THAT COMES HERE IS E-WASTE
>> DUMPS ARE NOT PREPARE TOD
DEAL WITH ALL OF THE OBSOLET
ELECTRONICS, AND THAT, IT SEEMS,
IS WHAT PEOPLE ARE WAITING FOR
>> IF PEOPLE KNEW HOW THEY CAN
BENEFIT, OR THE FINAL POINT FO
WHERE THE E-WASTE CAN GO
>> NO SURPRISE THEN THAT THE
UGANDANS ARE TALKING TO TH
KENIANS ABOUT E-WASTE AND TH
ABILITY OF PROFITING FROM IT
>> WE COULD EITHER SEND TO THE
REFURBISHMENT FACILITIES I
KENYA OR REP APPLY CASE WHAT OUR
BROTHERS IN KENYA ARE DOIN
WITHIN U BEGAN DA.
>> I WE HAVE A LOT OF CROS
COUNTRY RIVERS AND LAKES SO IF
THEY DISPOSE BADLY WE MAY STIL
BE EFFECTED BY THE PRODUCTS AN
THEY HAVE DISPOSED WRONGLY
>> AND THAT FITS WITH TH
BROADER VISION ABOUT HOW E-WASTE
IS DEALT WITH IN THIS PART O
THE WORLD.
>> IT'S OUR WISH TO CREATE A
EAST AFRICAN COMMON APPROACH
IDEALLY WE HARMONIZE
LEGISLATION, EASE OF MOVIN
WASTE BETWEEN BOUNDARIES WITHI
AFRICA
>> THE MODEL FOR MANAGIN
E-WAIST IN AFRICA, AND MAKIN
MONEY DOING IT, BUSY DAY AND
NIGHT, PROVING THAT WITH A LOT
OF HARD WORK, IT CAN BE DONE
>>> FOR ANOTHER GLIMPSE OF
CHANGE UNDER WAY IN AFRICA
VISIT NEWSHOUR.ORG
SEE HOUR MOBILE PHONES ARE
SPURRING INNOVATION.
>>> THERE IS A GROWING CHANGE IN
ANTI-BIOTICS FOR LIVESTOCK
THIS WEEK THEY AGREED TO STO
LABELLING DRUGS IMPORTANT FO
TREATING HUMAN INFECTIONS AS
ACCEPTABLE ANTI-BIOTICS TO SPU
ANIMAL GROWTH.
WE'RE JOINING BY NPR'S FOOD AN
AGRICULTURE CORRESPONDANT, DAN
WHAT ARE THE DRUGS WE'RE TALKING
ABOUT HERE
>> THERE IS DISEASE PREVENTION
USE, WHICH IS YOU THINK AN
ANIMAL IS UNDER STRESS WITH,
MIGHT GET SICK, EXPOSED TO
SICKNESS, YOU WANT TO HEAD THA
OFF, OR THERE IS TREATING A SICK
ANIMAL, BUT THERE IS A LOT USED,
AND MANY OF THEM OVERLAP WIT
ANTI-BIOTICS USED IN HUMAN
HEALTH
>> SO WHEN THEY SAY THEY WIL
NOT USE THEM TO SPUR GROWTH,
DOES THAT MEAN THEY CAN'T US
THEM TO TREAT DISEASES
>> NO, THEY CAN USE IT TO TREA
DISEASES, THERE IS TALK ABOU
HOW MUCH IT IS USED FOR GROWTH
THE INDUSTRY SAYS IT'S MAYBE
15%.
THERE'S SOME STATISTICS IN PIG
THAT INDICATE MAYBE 20%.
SOME CRITICS IN THE PAST SAY
IT'S MUCH MORE THAN THAT
THEY'RE NOW SAYING THE DRUGS
CANNOT BE USED ROUTINELY I
FIELD TO PROMOTE GROWTH, BUT
THEY CAN BE USED TO PREVEN
DISEASE.
AND THAT'S A JUDGMENT CALL
WHEN IS IT NEEDED, WHEN IS I
NOT, AND THAT'S WHERE THERE WILL
BE A LOT OF ATTENTION.
>> IN A WAY, IT WON'T AFFECT THE
MEET VERY MUCH AT ALL.
IT'S USEFUL TO REMEMBER THAT
WE'RE NOT REALLY TALKING ABOUT
RISKS OF RESIDUES ON THE MEAT.
WE'RE TALKING ABOUT CREATING
BACTERIA ON THE ANIMAL THAT'
WILL BE RESISTANT TO THE
ANTI-BIOTICS
HOW MUCH WILL THIS AFFEC
ACTIVITIES ON THE FARM
WILL IT REALLY REDUCE THE RISK
OF ANTIBIOTICS
AND THAT WILL TALK ABOUT DISEASE
PREVENTION
HOW MUCH IS NECESSARY, AND HOW
MUCH WILL IT BE GET RID OF
WITHOUT COMPROMISING THE HEALT
OF THE ANIMALS
>> SO WHY THE VOLUNTAR
APPROACH, WHY NOT REGULATE THESE
DRUGS?
>> WELL, THE FDA'S ARGUMENT WA
IF YOU PUT A FORMAL REGULATORY
PROPOSAL OUT THERE, AND YOU HAVE
A COMMENT PERIOD AND POTENTIAL
FOR LAWSUITS, IT COULD TAKE MUCH
LONGER AND MANY MUCH MOR
EXPENSIVE AND ACCOMPLISH LESS IN
THE END THAN IF YOU BASICALL
WORK WITH INDUSTRY AND SAY LOOK,
THESE USES WITHOUT BE JUSTIFIED,
SO JUST WORK WITH US HERE.
AND THEY WENT WITH IT.
>> THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
>> MY PLEASURE
>>> THIS IS PBS "NEWSHOU
WEEKEND SUNDAY."
>>> THERE IS A CONNECTION THAT
SAYS THAT THOSE THAT DON'T KNO
HISTORY ARE DOOMED TO REPEAT IT.
THE RUSSIAN NAVY AGREED TO PUL
OUT ON MARCH 30th, NOT THI
MARCH 30th, BUT 158 YEARS AG
TODAY.
TO THE 1850s, RUSSIA FOUGH
FORCES FROM BRITAIN, FRANCE, AND
THE KINGDOM OF SARDINIA FO
CONTROL OF THE CRIMEAN
PENINSULA.
>> I THINK IT WAS ALWAYS UP IN
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER RUSSIAN
TERRITORY.
>> BACK THEN, RUSSIA'S RATIONALE
WAS TO PROTECT THE LOCAL
POPULATION
SOUND FAMILIAR
>> I THINK THERE IS A PATTERN IN
HISTORY IN GENERAL WHERE CERTAIN
STATES SAY TWO GREAT EMPIRES
>> THE FIGHTING WAS SO INTENSE
THAT HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS O
MEN LOST THEIR CONFLICT.
THEY WROTE ABOUT THE CHARGE OF
THE LIGHT BRIGADE FIGHTING I
THAT VERY CONFLICT
QUOTING THERE IS NOT A REASO
WHY, BUT A REASON TO DO OR DIE
IN HIS SKETCHES, HE DESCRIBE
HOW A RUSSIAN SOLDIER COPED WITH
THE PAIN AFTER AN AMPUTATION
SAYING IF YOU DON'T THINK, IT'
NOT MUCH, IT ALL COMES FRO
THINKING
SO IF YOU DON'T MIND, IT DOESN'T
MATTER
THE WORLD IS WATCHING WHETHE
THE EUROPEANS MIND WHAT IS
HAPPENING.
AND WHAT HAPPENS AT TH
NEGOTIATES TABLE MAY DETERMINE
WHAT LESSONS WERE LEARNED OR I
THE TALKS IN PARIS BETWEEN THE
RUSSIAN FOREIGN MINISTER AND
THEY WILL BE REPEATED ONCE MORE.
SECRETARY OF STATE JOHN KERR
HAVE NOW ENDED. NO DEAL WAS
REACHED BUT LAVROV CALLEDTHE
TALKS CONSTRUCTIVE. KERRY SAID
THEY WILL CONTINUE SOON. HE ALSO
HAD THIS TO SAY: WE WILL NOT
ACCEPT A PATH FORWARD WHERE THE
LEGITIMATE GOVERNMENT OF THE
UKRAINE IS NOT AT THE TABLE.
THIS DECISION IS CLEAR. NO
DECISIONS ABOUT UKRAINE WITHOUT
UKRAINE. MORE ON THIS TOMORROW
ON THE NEWSHOUR.
THANKS FOR WATCHING.
ABOUT THE CRISIS IN UKRAINE.